Add option to select built branch name (#124)
inpsyde/reusable-workflows: docs/build-and-push-assets.md

Reviewer: Two things that I can't put into line comments:
1. After applying the changes in the table, please ensure to reformat it.
2. Please remove all occurrences of `BUILT_BRANCH_SUFFIX` from this file, even if this means rewriting some sections. See my comments in the preceding PR: https://github.com/inpsyde/reusable-workflows/pull/119/files#diff-c55cc7d1f7f61335e49de6bc171223be1afa8985e9d9a81b536081bd9a65fd8d.

Author: done

Reviewer: After incorporating the changes, please have your IDE fix the line lengths again. Doing this in the GitHub suggestion UI is a bit hard. 😉

## Where are assets stored

Two inputs can be used to define branches as assets storage - `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` and `RELEASE_BRANCH_NAME`.

`BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` is used only for push-to-branch events. If defined, compiled assets
will be stored in the branch with name equals current branch plus suffix. For instance,
if `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` equals `${{ github.ref_name }}-built` for pushing to the `main` branch, compiled assets will be stored
in the `main-built` branch (a branch will be created if it does not exist).

> `RELEASE_BRANCH_NAME` is used only for tag events. If defined and the pushed tag points

Reviewer: This is for lines 20–22.
```Markdown
`RELEASE_BRANCH_NAME` is only used for tag events. If defined and the tag being pushed points to the latest commit of the default branch of the GitHub repository, compiled assets will be pushed to the branch of this name, and the tag will be moved there (the branch will be created if it does not exist).
```

  build-assets:
    uses: inpsyde/reusable-workflows/.github/workflows/build-and-push-assets.yml@main
    with:

>       BUILT_BRANCH_NAME: "${{ github.ref_name }}-built" # Optionally, to push compiled assets to built branch
>       RELEASE_BRANCH_NAME: 'release' # Optionally, to move tags to release branch

Reviewer: Let's take the opportunity to remove the quotes (instead of introducing mixed double/single quotes).
```suggestion
      BUILT_BRANCH_NAME: ${{ github.ref_name }}-built # Optionally, to push compiled assets to built branch
      RELEASE_BRANCH_NAME: release # Optionally, to move tags to release branch
```
This should work according to https://www.yamllint.com, but please test this!

| `WORKING_DIRECTORY`   | `'./'`                        | Working directory path                                                                                                                                    |
| `COMPILE_SCRIPT_PROD` | `'build'`                     | Script added to `npm run` or `yarn` to build production assets                                                                                            |
| `COMPILE_SCRIPT_DEV`  | `'build:dev'`                 | Script added to `npm run` or `yarn` to build development assets                                                                                           |
| `MODE`                | `''`                          | Mode for compiling assets (`prod` or `dev`)                                                                                                               |
| `ASSETS_TARGET_PATHS` | `'./assets'`                  | Target path(s) for compiled assets                                                                                                                        |

> | `BUILT_BRANCH_SUFFIX` | `''`                          | Suffix to calculate the target branch for pushing assets on the `branch` event                                                                            |

Author: done

As for the "noise", it will indeed be there. However, considering that all workflow commit messages
start with the prefix `[BOT]`, it would be quite easy to ignore them without any cognitive effort.

> By defining `BUILT_BRANCH_SUFFIX` or `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME`, you keep commits containing compiled assets separated in the built branch.

Author: done

For tags, the pushed tag name is always used.

> For branches, it depends on the `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` input value. I.e., when `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` is `${{ github.ref_name}}-built` and the branch triggering the workflow is `main`,
> the built branch name will resolve to `main-built`, then in `composer.json` you can require it like this: `my-package":"dev-main-built"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For branches, it depends on the `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` input value. For example, when `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` is `${{ github.ref_name}}-built` and the branch triggering the workflow is `main`, the built branch name will resolve to `main-built`. In this case, require the `dev-main-built` branch in `composer.json`.
```

---

> `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` configuration example
 
```yaml
BUILT_BRANCH_NAME: "${{ (github.ref_name == 'dev-main' && 'main' || (github.ref_name == 'dev-beta' && 'beta' || (github.ref_name == 'dev-alpha' && 'alpha' || '') ) ) }}"
```

The logic in the example above will behave like this:
- If `github.ref_name` is equal to `dev-main`, the value of `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` will be `main`
- If `github.ref_name` is equal to `dev-beta`, the value of `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` will be `beta`
- If `github.ref_name` is equal to `dev-alpha`, the value of `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` will be `alpha`

> - If none of the above conditions are met, the value of `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` will be `''` which is the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If none of the above conditions are met, the value of `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` will be `''`, which is the default
```

you can use the branch name (i.e., `dev-main` for the `main` branch) as usual. If a suffix was defined,
the built branch should be used. I.e., when `BUILT_BRANCH_SUFFIX` is `-built` and branch `main`,
the `dev-main-built` branch should be used as the package version.

> For branches, If you defined `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` then it will depend on the logic in place. 
> Read below for configuration examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For branches, if you defined `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME`, it will depend on the logic in place. Read below for configuration examples.
```

---

> `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` configuration example
 
```yaml
BUILT_BRANCH_NAME: "${{ (github.ref_name == 'dev-main' && 'main' || (github.ref_name == 'dev-beta' && 'beta' || (github.ref_name == 'dev-alpha' && 'alpha' || '') ) ) }}"
```

> The logic in the example above will behave like this:
> - If github.ref_name is equal to `dev-main`, the value of BUILT_BRANCH_NAME will be `main`.
> - If github.ref_name is equal to `dev-beta`, the value of BUILT_BRANCH_NAME will be `beta`.
> - If github.ref_name is equal to `dev-alpha`, the value of BUILT_BRANCH_NAME will be `alpha`.
> - If none of the above conditions are met, the value of BUILT_BRANCH_NAME will be `''`
> which is the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logic in the example above will behave like this:
- If `github.ref_name` is equal to `dev-main`, the value of `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` will be `main`
- If `github.ref_name` is equal to `dev-beta`, the value of `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` will be `beta`
- If `github.ref_name` is equal to `dev-alpha`, the value of `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` will be `alpha`
- If none of the above conditions are met, the value of `BUILT_BRANCH_NAME` will be `''` which is the default
```

Author: done
